But I, but like, I don't know. And they,
they have this lunatic on he's on all the time.
They're they're paid half hour shows,
but this Peter Popoff guy. Oh yeah. With the miracle spring water.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the prosperity. Yeah. The prosperity preachers.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> talk about a bill of goods, man. Sad. You know that,
that guy CRE flow dollar, he, his name is KRE.
I'm guessing that's not his Christian name, but it's his,
but it's his evangelical name is I don't think he.
Made that name up.
Right? I would, I would hope so. That,
that was the dude you tweeted about him years ago.
That was the dude who was out in the world getting donations because he needed
to update or upgrade his G four. Yeah.
To a G six <laugh> and I was like, G six Christ, this,
this guy, he was going saying, I need donate. Cause I need to spread the gospel.
Yeah. And so you need to give me money so that,
because my G4 just ain't cutting it anymore. I need to upgrade. I was, I wish,
I wish he had gotten to 7 37 max eight, but that's just me. It's it's just.
So amazing that that hustle still works. That the, the,
the prosperity ones are so gross because they go after people that are so poor
and destitute that they can't pay their bills. And they tell them,
if you just send me money, God will pay you back tenfold.
And I know what you're saying. You don't have any money, but you do, you do,
you take that money,
you send it to Jesus and Jesus will bring prosperity in your life.
And then they all these folks that are giving testimonials about how I was down
on my luck. I didn't have money for rent. I didn't have money for food,
but I knew that Jesus needed this money.
So I sent Jesus the money and Jesus paid me back tenfold.
And now my life is filled with joy and prosperity.
Am I being hateful? When I say that, that is what? Religion?
Praise a on the, the not.
Religion tour. The.
No, I don't. People searching for answers. Yeah.
But I think for some people there's like, I mean, this is older, wiser me,
right? When I was younger, I would agree with you a hundred percent.
But I think at this point,
I think there's some benefit to like having community
and having this in environment where everybody goes to be humbled. And every,
everybody goes to agree that they're gonna be good people that follow the ethics
of Jesus and you put a little money in the dish and you know,
they have to keep the operation running. And there's a lot,
I think there's a lot of churches that do a lot of good,
but I think for every one or two that do a lot of good there's the,
these that are just stealing money and driving roll Roys.
Hypocrites, just.
Hypocrites, giant castles, you know, like that Joel,
whatever his name is. What's that guy's name een. Yeah. That guy, Houston, that,
he owns a huge arena. He, they, they do the show in the, and,
and he caught a rash of when he didn't let all the hurricane victims stay in his
place. Yeah.
See, he was hole up in his 10 million mansion at the time I'd be.
Amaz. It was only 10 million.
You know? Well, it's not his only property, you know? Sure.
He has several houses. It's.
Just so distorted the, the, the whole idea of it all. So distorted. But I think,
I think there's a lot of community churches that do a lot of good where they,
they provide people with comfort. I, you know,
it doesn't necessarily have to make any sense. It doesn't make any sense,
but it provides them with comfort. I appreciate.
Like, I respect people of faith. I think it must feel wonderful.
I don't know how it feels, but I,
it must be wonderful to believe in something yeah. Like that. So devoutly,
without any evidence, without any indication or proof whatsoever,
that what you so firmly believe in is true,
but it's the hypocrisy of it that I just can't abide by. Right? Like these.
Prosperity guys.
Yeah. Like the prosperity guys, like people who used to have a,
or claim to have some kind of holier than now moral code mm-hmm <affirmative>
that now think like the pimp president's cool. It's like, I get it. But like,
but your whole thing was like that bill Clinton was the biggest scumbag in the
world. Right.
And he needed to be impeached and castrated mm-hmm <affirmative> but like,
let's have some consistency it's hypocrisy that I can antibi by.
Let's have some consistency is all well.
Particularly with Trump, because Trump was, uh, this is not a knock on him,
but he was a lifelong Democrat. I mean,
he only really became a Republican when he thought about running for president.
Yeah. And he was an independent for a minute that he was a Democrat again,
that he was a Republican, it's a pure.
Hustle. I mean, the, the glass has been clean and squee and you could see right.
Through it. That's why it works on the evangelicals. That's what I'm saying.
Yes. Right. That's their whole he's, he's like the pimp Jo OS ting. Yeah.
Like he's like, that's what it is. Well, he found his hustle.
Yeah. And I don't wanna be mean about this,
but I think it's accurate that there's,
there's a level of intellect that just
subscribes to that kind of stuff. That, like I had a friend,
she was in the Mormon church for a long time and she left the church,
but she was really honest about it. She said,
I have a problem that I'm susceptible to.
Like she's suscept because she grew up a fundamentalist.
And so she's susceptible to, you know, to like yoga type people,
like, oh, the crystals and the, the light feel,
the light she's susceptible to all that.
And she would recognize her susceptibility,
but she was being really honest about it. You know, that she's like,
I have a real problem.
I grew up believing something that doesn't make any sense.
And I believed it wholeheartedly. And she goes,
and that sort of formulated a big part of how I
ascertain what is accurate in the world. So she's left with these like
childlike skills of,
of being able to discern what's. And what's a hustle. She's like a little.
Kid.
I have a great amount of respect for people who grew up in a cult and who can
make their way out of it. Mm. I mean, can you imagine when you're a child? Yeah.
That you're most impressionable and, and you're steeped in that mm-hmm,
<affirmative>, that's all, you know,
like you don't know that there is an alternate perspective and,
and you're able to grow up and say, oh, wait,
there's a whole big world out there. Maybe I'm not being told the truth.
That's incredibly powerful. It's really hard. I think for,
to break with the only thinking that you've ever known in your life.
I think it's amazing. It's one of.
The, probably one of the hardest things that a grown adult has to do.
So recognize is that the paradigm, this, this,
this framework they've been living in their life under is all utter horse.
It's like, I mean, the Mormon one is so crazy too.
Cause it's like the, the results are great. The people are so nice. Yeah.
Like they're the nicest cult members of all times.
<laugh> but then you go back and look at the actual F framework of the religion
itself. You're like, wait a minute, wait a minute. He was 14. You're like,
hold on. Joseph Smith was 14 in 1820.
When he found golden tablets that contained the lost work of Jesus.
And only he could read them cuz he had a magic rock.
But like that's Judaism and Catholicism. It's all,
they're all crazy mythological horses it, but.
They know who the guy was like. I mean, he's so recent.
Too recent. It's too. Well, that's the thing, is it, you know, it's,
it's like Scientology. It's like, yes. Well we know it's a lie.
Scientology's even crazy. Well a science fiction writer. Yeah.
Literally was a failed, a failed science fiction writer, terrible writer,
terrible failed science fiction writer.
A dead, never made a second draft in his life.
And one day said the, if you wanna make real money, start a religion. Yeah.
That is his greatest quote. Yeah.
And did it.
And then God bless him. Can't knock his hustle. <laugh> people wanna buy into.
That. But what's amazing that how are 2019,
it's still rocking some way mean it is.
Even after all those documentaries,
even after the layer re show all these things, just.
They go out in the world, they tell everybody it's horses.
And then a brand new Scientology center opens in Miami. I'm like, seriously,
really? We know we already know a brand new one.
Opened.
We already know some people don't know the people who don't know are never gonna
know. That's what it is. It's like, you're going, if, if, you know, if,
if you wanna put into money, like some people, people have a hundred dollars.
Some people have $5. And this is like intellectually.
Some people have a lot of room to work with. Some people don't, they just,
their brain doesn't work as good.
Just like some people have poor genetics when it comes to their ability to run
fast. Some people have really brain development.
Genetics let you.
This.
Cause obviously you would have sympathy for someone who was taken advantage of
or swindled or the victim of a con con person.
How much sympathy do you have for the gleefully ignorant
or the willfully ignorant. Meaning like the information is there.
It's available before I give Scientology my money. I just, I don't know,
Google it right. How,
how much sympathy do you have for like the willfully ignorant people who,
who sort of it's it's like the dude from my airplane. They bought their tickets.
Yeah. They knew what they were getting into. Yeah. I say, let 'em crash.
You know like.
Well, I'm a big fan of Willie D from the ghetto boys.
And he has a quote that I always like to use. You gotta let, Ahoe be a ho.
And I think in that sense, like you gotta let, dumies get fleeced.
It's just part of,
and part of it is there for us to see part of it is there for you to go what
they gave away, all their money. Ah. Like there's something to that, that's it,
it benefits us. Like I'm not a.
Fan of these videos where kids try to skateboard off the side of a building and
they slip and fall and land on their head. And everybody's like, oh. But,
but those videos serve a purpose. And that purpose is not,
everybody gets to do the handstand on the side of holding and survive. Right.
Some people fall and they land on their head and they're never the same again.
Yeah.
And then they they're left with like a third grader's IQ for the rest of their
life. That's real man. So it's George Carlin's bit about, you know,
the kid who swallows the most marbles doesn't get to grow up and have kids of
his own. That's how it's supposed to work. Yeah.
Unfortunately it sucks if it's your kid good.